Improve measurement intro (#472)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/measurements.rst

        qml.RY(y, wires=1)
        return [qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(2)]

As an example of combined measurements, let us look at
a Bell state :math:`(|00\rangle + |11\rangle)/\sqrt{2}`, prepared
by a ``Hadamard`` and ``CNOT`` gate.

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2)

    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit():
        qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])

>         return [qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(2)]

Reviewer: Here, just as a suggestion, perhaps being more explicit could also work (as we have a specific number of wires that are sampled from)

Reviewer 2: I quite like the list comprehension :laughing: I feel that it's more common for a user to know Python list comprehension but not realise it can be used in a QNode, than not knowing list comprehension at all.

But maybe there is a better example to show the list comprehension (like when the num wires is larger)

Author: The example directly above shows it, so I will go with @antalszava 's suggestion to simplify

>         return [qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(2)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(0)), qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(1))
```

>         return [qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(2)]

Author: Shall we do it like in the templates, having a quick example at the top and using the Usage tag to list more comprehensive examples in a drop-down option?

>         return [qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(2)]

Author: And shall I duplicate it, or move it? 

The function this new example fulfills here is to clarify what "combined measurement" actually means...

The combined PauliZ-measurement of the
first and second qubit returns a list of two lists, each containing
the measurement results of the respective qubit. As a default, :func:`~.pennylane.sample`
returns 1000 samples per observable.

>>> result = circuit()
>>> len(result[0]), len(result[1])
1000, 1000

Since the two qubits are maximally entangled,

> the measurements always coincide, and the lists are therefore equal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the measurement results always coincide, and the lists are therefore equal:
```

    # execute the QNode again, now using 1 shot
    dev.shots = 1
    result = circuit(0.54, 0.1)

With an increasing number of shots, the average over
measurement samples converges to the exact expectation of an observable. Consider the following
circuit:

.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane import numpy as np

    # fix seed to produce same samples in different runs
    np.random.seed(1)

    dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=1)

    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit():
        qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

> Running the simulator without specifying the shot number returns the exact expectation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the simulator when the ``analytic`` is set to ``True`` returns the exact expectation.
```

Reviewer: The reason for this suggestion is that ``shots=1000`` is default (e.g. for ``default.qubit``), so for ``dev = qml.device("default.qubit", analytic=False, wires=1)`` one would get results based on a ``1000`` samples

>>> circuit()
0.0

> Now we set the device to return stochastic results, and increase the shot number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we set the device to return stochastic results, and increase the number of shots starting from ``10``.
```

Reviewer: (The suggestion mainly aims at rephrasing based on my previous comment referring to ``shots=1000`` being the default, but anything else could work as well here! :) )
